#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
accessible-pygments==0.0.4
    # via pydata-sphinx-theme
alabaster==0.7.13
    # via sphinx
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
astroid==3.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-celery
babel==2.17.0
    # via
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx
backports-tarfile==1.2.0
    # via jaraco-context
backports-zoneinfo==0.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   djangorestframework
beautifulsoup4==4.13.3
    # via pydata-sphinx-theme
build==1.2.2.post1
    # via -r requirements/doc.in
cachetools==5.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   opsgenie-sdk
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
chardet==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   click-log
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-lint
click-log==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
code-annotations==1.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-rest-swagger
    #   openapi-codec
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coreapi
coverage[toml]==7.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==44.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pyjwt
    #   secretstorage
    #   social-auth-core
ddt==1.7.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
defusedxml==0.8.0rc2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
dill==0.3.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
distlib==0.3.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   virtualenv
django==3.2.25
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-crum
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   social-auth-app-django
django-cors-headers==4.4.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
django-dynamic-fixture==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-extensions==3.2.3
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-rest-swagger==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-simple-history==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
django-waffle==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
djangorestframework==3.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-rest-swagger
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
dnspython==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pymongo
doc8==1.1.2
    # via -r requirements/doc.in
docutils==0.19
    # via
    #   doc8
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   readme-renderer
    #   restructuredtext-lint
    #   sphinx
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-auth-backends==4.4.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-django-release-util==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-django-utils==7.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
edx-drf-extensions==10.5.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-lint==5.6.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-opaque-keys==2.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-rest-api-client==6.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
factory-boy==3.3.3
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
faker==35.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   factory-boy
filelock==3.16.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
id==1.5.0
    # via twine
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
importlib-metadata==8.5.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   keyring
    #   sphinx
    #   twine
importlib-resources==6.4.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   keyring
    #   pycountry
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
isort==5.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
itypes==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coreapi
jaraco-classes==3.4.0
    # via keyring
jaraco-context==6.0.1
    # via keyring
jaraco-functools==4.1.0
    # via keyring
jeepney==0.8.0
    # via
    #   keyring
    #   secretstorage
jinja2==3.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   coreschema
    #   sphinx
keyring==25.5.0
    # via twine
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jinja2
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mock==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
more-itertools==10.5.0
    # via
    #   jaraco-classes
    #   jaraco-functools
mysqlclient==2.2.7
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
newrelic==10.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
nh3==0.2.20
    # via readme-renderer
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
openapi-codec==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-rest-swagger
opsgenie-sdk==2.1.5
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   build
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
    #   tox
    #   twine
pbr==6.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   stevedore
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
    #   tox
psutil==7.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pycountry==24.6.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cffi
pydata-sphinx-theme==0.14.4
    # via sphinx-book-theme
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   accessible-pygments
    #   doc8
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   readme-renderer
    #   rich
    #   sphinx
pyjwt[crypto]==2.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   social-auth-core
pylint==3.2.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pylint-celery==0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
pylint-django==2.5.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
pylint-plugin-utils==0.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
pymongo==4.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pyproject-api==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
pyproject-hooks==1.2.0
    # via build
pytest==8.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pytest-django==4.10.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   faker
    #   opsgenie-sdk
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   social-auth-core
pytz==2025.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   babel
    #   django
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   responses
readme-renderer==43.0
    # via twine
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   id
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   responses
    #   social-auth-core
    #   sphinx
    #   twine
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   social-auth-core
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via twine
responses==0.25.6
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
restructuredtext-lint==1.4.0
    # via doc8
rfc3986==2.0.0
    # via twine
rich==13.9.4
    # via twine
secretstorage==3.3.3
    # via keyring
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
simplejson==3.20.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-rest-swagger
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-lint
    #   opsgenie-sdk
    #   python-dateutil
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
social-auth-app-django==5.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
social-auth-core==4.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   social-auth-app-django
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
sphinx==6.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.in
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx-book-theme
sphinx-book-theme==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements/doc.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.4
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.5
    # via sphinx
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   doc8
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   opsgenie-sdk
testfixtures==8.3.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   python-slugify
tomli==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   build
    #   coverage
    #   doc8
    #   pylint
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   tox
tomlkit==0.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
tox==4.24.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
twine==6.1.0
    # via -r requirements/doc.in
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   asgiref
    #   astroid
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   faker
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   pylint
    #   rich
    #   tox
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coreapi
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   opsgenie-sdk
    #   requests
    #   responses
    #   twine
virtualenv==20.29.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
zipp==3.20.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
