#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
astroid==3.2.4
    # via
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-celery
backports-zoneinfo==0.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   djangorestframework
cachetools==5.5.1
    # via tox
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   opsgenie-sdk
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
chardet==5.2.0
    # via tox
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   click-log
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-lint
click-log==0.4.0
    # via edx-lint
code-annotations==1.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   edx-lint
colorama==0.4.6
    # via tox
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-rest-swagger
    #   openapi-codec
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   coreapi
coverage[toml]==7.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==44.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pyjwt
    #   social-auth-core
ddt==1.7.2
    # via -r requirements/test.in
defusedxml==0.8.0rc2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
dill==0.3.9
    # via pylint
distlib==0.3.9
    # via virtualenv
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-crum
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   social-auth-app-django
django-cors-headers==4.4.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
django-dynamic-fixture==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
django-extensions==3.2.3
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-rest-swagger==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-simple-history==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-waffle==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
djangorestframework==3.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-rest-swagger
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
dnspython==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pymongo
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-auth-backends==4.4.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-django-release-util==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-django-utils==7.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
edx-drf-extensions==10.5.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-lint==5.6.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
edx-opaque-keys==2.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-rest-api-client==6.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via pytest
factory-boy==3.3.3
    # via -r requirements/test.in
faker==35.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   factory-boy
filelock==3.16.1
    # via
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
importlib-resources==6.4.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pycountry
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
isort==5.13.2
    # via pylint
itypes==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   coreapi
jinja2==3.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   coreschema
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jinja2
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via pylint
mock==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
mysqlclient==2.2.7
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
newrelic==10.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
openapi-codec==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-rest-swagger
opsgenie-sdk==2.1.5
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   tox
pbr==6.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   stevedore
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via
    #   pylint
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   tox
psutil==7.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pycountry==24.6.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cffi
pyjwt[crypto]==2.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   social-auth-core
pylint==3.2.7
    # via
    #   edx-lint
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pylint-celery==0.3
    # via edx-lint
pylint-django==2.5.5
    # via edx-lint
pylint-plugin-utils==0.8.2
    # via
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
pymongo==4.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pyproject-api==1.8.0
    # via tox
pytest==8.3.4
    # via
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pytest-django==4.10.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   faker
    #   opsgenie-sdk
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via code-annotations
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   social-auth-core
pytz==2025.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   responses
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   responses
    #   social-auth-core
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   social-auth-core
responses==0.25.6
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
simplejson==3.20.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-rest-swagger
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-lint
    #   opsgenie-sdk
    #   python-dateutil
social-auth-app-django==5.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
social-auth-core==4.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   social-auth-app-django
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   opsgenie-sdk
testfixtures==8.3.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
tomli==2.2.1
    # via
    #   coverage
    #   pylint
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   tox
tomlkit==0.13.2
    # via pylint
tox==4.24.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   asgiref
    #   astroid
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   faker
    #   pylint
    #   tox
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   coreapi
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   opsgenie-sdk
    #   requests
    #   responses
virtualenv==20.29.2
    # via tox
zipp==3.20.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
